# MASSA_BMESH_CONSOLE
massa

This is a bmesh focused procedural geometry generator. 
The geometry 'shapes' are generated by Cartridges and those sit on top of a Console. 

The idea was to make the geometry script itself (the Cartridge) as small as possible while still 
exporting 'slot', 'uv' seam data, and compliant attribute information. 
The smallest Cart is 82 lines with all Console data, which i think is a win.

This is an 'in the box' set up that almost doesnt even feel like Blender. 
Its mainly just python geometry : bmesh attached to more python vector and attribute logic. 
All activated parameters are pasted onto the model at the same time its being generated, literally. 

In steps here after generation there are addons i have that can change the vertex paint, or polish modifiers, or UVs down the line so that manual modifacations can be made to the meshes and be fixed after.

##--Primitive Library--##
there was a goal with the 'Primitive construction Library' idea i had.. was to make slots, sockets, uvs perfect, and edges designed for 30-40 primitives that are used in construction almost constantly. This way i can prompt more advanced assemblies and "use the logic of" prompt will curve python mesh generation much more smoothly. 


##--Slots-- ##
My pride and joy.. you could use them for face IDs, but their main purpose is to define the physical material of each object within the assembly. Later in time when good simulations become cheaper, there will be a house generator with 10 different parts, 10 different materials, ready to go..


##--Prompting Bmesh Cartridges--##
LLMs favorite language is python.. im calling it.. its just too good at it..
I have mainly used Gemini (multimodal model) for generating these scripts and the face multimodal models are trained on nearly the same amount of image tokens as language tokens is likely a little wind in the sails..
I have workflows to prompt, repair and optimize these scripts.. they are very managable because the Cartridge size..


##--modifying the 'Console'--##
just dont.. it fallows a rule of 5, which means many of the references are needed across 5 separate files. 
if you stuff it in Jules then you might have a chance.
